
Hudson is a free, open-source trading simulator based on EOD price historical data. It is designed as a C++ library offering
simulation and statistics tools for integration with trading strategy applications. A set of strategy examples is included
in the distribution to illustrate some of the features provided. This software is open source. You are required to
redistribute any change you make to the original source code following the GPLv3 license agreement. Please read the COPYING
file for more information on GPL licensing.

Hudson calculates various statistics, including compound annualized growth rate, % winners/losers, realized drawdown, single
position unrealized drawdown and peak analysis, month-to-month returns, Sharpe ratio and geometric standard deviation of
monthly returns. The report statistics are easily extensible by inheriting from the Report class and adding your own
calculation based on recorded transactions and historical data.

The trader API supports backtesting of any custom long/short trading strategy, such as portfolio backtesting of multiple
symbols, pairs-trading and spread-trading strategies. For a spread trading example, check the January trader (JanTrader).
This class implements a strategy that exploits a seasonal microcap effect that occurs around the end of the year.

The Asset Allocator example (AATrader) evaluates the performance of 5 asset classes (World Equities, SP500, Commodities,
US Bonds and REIT) on a monthly basis and make allocation decisions based on each index SMA.

Please note that the goal of this project is to provide a set of open source tools to create and improve trading strategies
and NOT to offer trading advice.

Hudson requires the GNU Scientific Library (GSL), TA-Lib, and the Boost libraries.

The GSL is a free, open source library developed by the FSF offering over 1000 numerical functions including statistics,
least-square fitting, random numbers and Monte Carlo integration: http://www.gnu.org/software/gsl/.

Boost provides a set of free, open source portable C++ libraries implementing a wide range of functionalities, from a complete
set of date and time functions to multi-index collections and objects serialization: http://www.boost.org/libs/libraries.htm.

TA-LIB is a free, open-source financial series technical analysis library maintained by Mario Fortier. It offers support to
more than 150 technical analysis indicators in C++, Java, Excel, .NET and other languages: http://ta-lib.org.
